Unify CM naming (#422)
kyma-project/busola: README.md

| `navigation.externalNodes` | A nested list of links to external websites. `category`, `icon`: a category name and optional icon / `children`: a list of pairs (label and link) | category: `Learn more` / children: `Kyma Documentation`, `Our Slack`, `Github`                                                                                                                          |
| `version`                  | Configuration version. Don’t edit this. Can be empty.                                                                                             | the most recent release                                                                                                                                                                                 |

### Configuration sources

> By default the configuration is gathered from four sources:

Reviewer: If you say "by default" - is it possible for the reader to change that default, like adding/removing sources or changing the priority? Or is it not just the default way, but the only way at all?

I wouldn't mention the number, because if it ever changes, you need to remember overwriting the number too :D 

```suggestion
Busola configuration is the product of gathering and merging the configurations from several individual sources. The following list presents the sources in the order of precedence, with init params having the highest priority over the others:```

Author: Daaaamn... I was thinking about 1) mentioning the number (yes, it is another place to change!) and 2) meaning of "by default". Live and learn I guess.

- Built-in, hardcoded defaults.

> - Busola cluster configuration, available on Busola cluster in Config Map "busola/busola-config" under the key "config". This data is mounted to Busola `web` pod, and during the local development [config.json](core/src/assets/config/config.json) file is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Busola cluster configuration, available on the Busola cluster in ConfigMap "busola/busola-config" under the key "config". This data is mounted to the Busola `web` pod, and during the local development, the [config.json](core/src/assets/config/config.json) file is used.
```

> - Target cluster configuration, available on target cluster in Config Map "kube-system/busola-config" under the key "config". Busola performs a request for that resource during the bootstrap proceess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Target cluster configuration, available on the target cluster in ConfigMap "kube-system/busola-config" under the key "config". Busola performs a request for that resource during the bootstrap process.
```

> - Configuration from init params. Init params are disabled by default - they can be switched on by setting the `isEnabled` property of `INIT_PARAMS` feature to _true_.

Reviewer: I assume init = initiation? Might be better to spell it out. Who is it who switches them on, the reader?

```suggestion
- Configuration from initiation parameters. By default, init parameters are disabled. To switch them on, set the feature `INIT_PARAMS` to `isEnabled=true`.
```

Author: Hmm, I've seen "init params" already in docs, but sure, let's spell them out - I'd go with "initialisation".

> The sources above are listed in order of precedence, with init params having the highest priority over the others. Resulting configuration is a product of merging the configurations from individual sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I put that into the introductory paragraph :)
